command-reference/update: add docs for new --rev option (#890)
iterative/dvc.org: public/static/docs/command-reference/update.md

## Synopsis

```usage

> usage: dvc update [-h] [-q | -v] [--rev [REV]] targets [targets ...]

Reviewer: Please break into 2 lines so there's no scroll bar on the rendered cmd ref:

```suggestion
usage: dvc update [-h] [-q | -v] [--rev [REV]]
                  targets [targets ...]
```

`dvc repro`, they won't be updated. `dvc update` is the only command that can
update them.

> 

Reviewer: The whole sentence

```
Another detail to note is that when the `--rev` (revision) option of
`dvc import` has been used to create an import stage, DVC is not aware of what
kind of
[Git revision](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Internals-Git-References) this
is, for example a branch or a tag.
```

is still valid and informative, I think.

Reviewer: And yes I know I said we should revise this paragraph in https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/pull/890#discussion_r362574334 but didn't necessarily mean delete this sentence 🙂

> To "update" fixed-revision to static references (e.g. tags), or for SHA commits,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To update [fixed-revision](/doc/command-reference/import#example-fixed-revisions-re-importing) import stages (e.g. tags or SHA commits),
```
(Please rewrap to 80 chars.)

use `dvc update` with the `--rev` option.

## Options

- `--rev` - specific
  [Git revision](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Internals-Git-References)
  (such as a branch name, a tag, or a commit hash) of the DVC repository to

>   update the data from. Using this option also updates the fixed-revision.

Reviewer: > Using this option also updates the fixed-revision.

OK but maybe we should explain what a fixed revision is and what exactly gets updated in the DVC-file (import stage), instead of using that term. Please lmk if you'd like some suggestions, I can def. help with the writing part if needed.

Reviewer: For inspiration check out this not, found in the **Examples** section below:

> Note that `dvc update` updates the `rev_lock` field of the corresponding [DVC-file](/doc/user-guide/dvc-file-format) (when there are changes to bring in).

> Note that `dvc update` updates the `rev_lock` field of the corresponding
> [DVC-file](/doc/user-guide/dvc-file-format) (when there are changes to bring
> in).

To update from and also lock to a specific revision of a <abbr>data

> artifact</abbr>, we may use the `--rev` option this time:

Reviewer: Nice addition to the examples! How about:

`To force an update from a specific version of  a data artifact, we may specify a Git revision with the `--rev` option:`

for this sentence? And please wrap `<abbr>data artifact</abbr>` in the first paragraph of this whole **Examples** section instead (thanks for catching this.)

Reviewer: (p.s. I think let's avoid the term "lock" here which results confusing given how it's previously used, and given our `dvc lock` command, among other types of locking in DVC.)

```dvc
$ dvc update --rev v2 model.pkl.dvc
Importing 'model.pkl (git@github.com:iterative/example-get-started)'
-> 'model.pkl'
```

> Since the source files has changed, we see the results of our "update".

Author: ```suggestion
Since the source files are different at `v2` comparing to the currently locked revision, we see the side side effects of our "update" as different results.
```

?

Reviewer: Maybe something like
```suggestion
This actually has an effect because the `model.pkl.dvc` file at tag `v2` points to different data that what's currently in the `rev_lock` field of the import stage.
```
Notice I also avoided the term "lock" here as well.
(Please rewrap.)

Reviewer: I would also keep the entire

> Note that `dvc update` updates the `rev_lock` field...

note here, at the end of the doc.
